ID,Clothing ID,Age,Title,Review Text,Rating,Recommended IND,Positive Feedback Count,Division Name,Department Name,Class Name
0,767,33,,Absolutely wonderful - silky and sexy and comfortable,4,1,0,Initmates,Intimate,Intimates
1,1080,34,,"Love this dress!  it's sooo pretty.  i happened to find it in a store, and i'm glad i did bc i never would have ordered it online bc it's petite.  i bought a petite and am 5'8"".  i love the length on me- hits just a little below the knee.  would definitely be a true midi on someone who is truly petite.",5,1,4,General,Dresses,Dresses
2,1077,60,Some major design flaws,"I had such high hopes for this dress and really wanted it to work for me. i initially ordered the petite small (my usual size) but i found this to be outrageously small. so small in fact that i could not zip it up! i reordered it in petite medium, which was just ok. overall, the top half was comfortable and fit nicely, but the bottom half had a very tight under layer and several somewhat cheap (net) over layers. imo, a major design flaw was the net over layer sewn directly into the zipper - it c",3,0,0,General,Dresses,Dresses
3,1049,50,My favorite buy!,"I love, love, love this jumpsuit. it's fun, flirty, and fabulous! every time i wear it, i get nothing but great compliments!",5,1,0,General Petite,Bottoms,Pants
4,847,47,Flattering shirt,This shirt is very flattering to all due to the adjustable front tie. it is the perfect length to wear with leggings and it is sleeveless so it pairs well with any cardigan. love this shirt!!!,5,1,6,General,Tops,Blouses
5,1080,49,Not for the very petite,"I love tracy reese dresses, but this one is not for the very petite. i am just under 5 feet tall and usually wear a 0p in this brand. this dress was very pretty out of the package but its a lot of dress. the skirt is long and very full so it overwhelmed my small frame. not a stranger to alterations, shortening and narrowing the skirt would take away from the embellishment of the garment. i love the color and the idea of the style but it just did not work on me. i returned this dress.",2,0,4,General,Dresses,Dresses
6,858,39,Cagrcoal shimmer fun,"I aded this in my basket at hte last mintue to see what it would look like in person. (store pick up). i went with teh darkler color only because i am so pale :-) hte color is really gorgeous, and turns out it mathced everythiing i was trying on with it prefectly. it is a little baggy on me and hte xs is hte msallet size (bummer, no petite). i decided to jkeep it though, because as i said, it matvehd everything. my ejans, pants, and the 3 skirts i waas trying on (of which i ]kept all ) oops.",5,1,1,General Petite,Tops,Knits
7,858,39,"Shimmer, surprisingly goes with lots","I ordered this in carbon for store pick up, and had a ton of stuff (as always) to try on and used this top to pair (skirts and pants). everything went with it. the color is really nice charcoal with shimmer, and went well with pencil skirts, flare pants, etc. my only compaint is it is a bit big, sleeves are long and it doesn't go in petite. also a bit loose for me, but no xxs... so i kept it and wil ldecide later since the light color is already sold out in hte smallest size...",4,1,4,General Petite,Tops,Knits
8,1077,24,Flattering,I love this dress. i usually get an xs but it runs a little snug in bust so i ordered up a size. very flattering and feminine with the usual retailer flair for style.,5,1,0,General,Dresses,Dresses
9,1077,34,Such a fun dress!,"I'm 5""5' and 125 lbs. i ordered the s petite to make sure the length wasn't too long. i typically wear an xs regular in retailer dresses. if you're less busty (34b cup or smaller), a s petite will fit you perfectly (snug, but not tight). i love that i could dress it up for a party, or down for work. i love that the tulle is longer then the fabric underneath.",5,1,0,General,Dresses,Dresses
10,1077,53,Dress looks like it's made of cheap material,Dress runs small esp where the zipper area runs. i ordered the sp which typically fits me and it was very tight! the material on the top looks and feels very cheap that even just pulling on it will cause it to rip the fabric. pretty disappointed as it was going to be my christmas dress this year! needless to say it will be going back.,3,0,14,General,Dresses,Dresses
11,1095,39,,"This dress is perfection! so pretty and flattering.",5,1,2,General Petite,Dresses,Dresses
12,1095,53,Perfect!!!,"More and more i find myself reliant on the reviews written by savvy shoppers before me and for the most past, they are right on in their estimation of the product. in the case of this dress-if it had not been for the reveiws-i doubt i would have even tried this. the dress is beautifully made, lined and reminiscent of the old retailer quality. it is lined in the solid periwinkle-colored fabric that matches the outer fabric print. tts and very form-fitting. falls just above the knee and does not rid",5,1,2,General Petite,Dresses,Dresses
13,767,44,Runs big,"Bought the black xs to go under the larkspur midi dress because they didn't bother lining the skirt portion (grrrrrrrrrrr).
my stats are 34a-28/29-36 and the xs fit very smoothly around the chest and was flowy around my lower half, so i would say it's running big.
the straps are very pretty and it could easily be nightwear too.
i'm 5'6"" and it came to just below my knees.",5,1,0,Initmates,Intimate,Intimates
14,1077,50,Pretty party dress with some issues,This is a nice choice for holiday gatherings. i like that the length grazes the knee so it is conservative enough for office related gatherings. the size small fit me well - i am usually a size 2/4 with a small bust. in my opinion it runs small and those with larger busts will definitely have to size up (but then perhaps the waist will be too big). the problem with this dress is the quality. the fabrics are terrible. the delicate netting type fabric on the top layer of skirt got stuck in the zip,3,1,1,General,Dresses,Dresses
15,1065,47,"Nice, but not for my body","I took these out of the package and wanted them to fit so badly, but i could tell before i put them on that they wouldn't. these are for an hour-glass figure. i am more straight up and down. the waist was way too small for my body shape and even if i sized up, i could tell they would still be tight in the waist and too roomy in the hips - for me. that said, they are really nice. sturdy, linen-like fabric, pretty color, well made. i hope they make someone very happy!",4,1,3,General,Bottoms,Pants
16,1065,34,"You need to be at least average height, or taller","Material and color is nice.  the leg opening is very large.  i am 5'1 (100#) and the length hits me right above my ankle.  with a leg opening the size of my waist and hem line above my ankle, and front pleats to make me fluffy, i think you can imagine that it is not a flattering look.  if you are at least average height or taller, this may look good on you.",3,1,2,General,Bottoms,Pants
17,853,41,Looks great with white pants,Took a chance on this blouse and so glad i did. i wasn't crazy about how the blouse is photographed on the model. i paired it whit white pants and it worked perfectly. crisp and clean is how i would describe it. launders well. fits great. drape is perfect. wear tucked in or out - can't go wrong.,5,1,0,General,Tops,Blouses
18,1120,32,Super cute and cozy,"A flattering, super cozy coat.  will work well for cold, dry days and will look good with jeans or a dressier outfit.  i am 5' 5'', about 135 and the small fits great.",5,1,0,General,Jackets,Outerwear
19,1077,47,Stylish and comfortable,"I love the look and feel of this tulle dress. i was looking for something different, but not over the top for new year's eve. i'm small chested and the top of this dress is form fitting for a flattering look. once i steamed the tulle, it was perfect! i ordered an xsp. length was perfect too.",5,1,0,General,Dresses,Dresses
20,847,33,"Cute, crisp shirt","If this product was in petite, i would get the petite. the regular is a little long on me but a tailor can do a simple fix on that fits nicely! i'm 5'4, 130lb and pregnant so i bough t medium to grow into the tie can be front or back so provides for some nice flexibility on form fitting.",4,1,2,General,Tops,Blouses
21,1080,55,"I'm torn!","I'm upset because for the price of the dress, i thought it was embroidered! no, that is a print on the fabric. i think i cried a little when i opened the box. it is still ver pretty. i would say it is true to size, it is a tad bit big on me, but i am very tiny, but i can still get away with it. the color is vibrant. the style is unique. skirt portion is pretty poofy. i keep going back and forth on it mainly because of the price, although the quality is definitely there. except i wish it were emb",4,1,14,General,Dresses,Dresses
22,1077,31,"Not what it looks like","First of all, this is not pullover styling. there is a side zipper. i wouldn't have purchased it if i knew there was a side zipper because i have a large bust and side zippers are next to impossible for me. second of all, the tulle feels and looks cheap and the slip has an awkward tight shape underneath. not at all what is looks like or is described as. sadly will be returning, but i'm sure i will find something to exchange it for!",2,0,7,General,Dresses,Dresses
23,1077,34,"Like it, but don't love it.","Cute little dress fits tts. it is a little high waisted. good length for my 5'9 height. i like the dress, i'm just not in love with it. i dont think it looks or feels cheap. it appears just as pictured.",3,1,0,General,Dresses,Dresses
24,847,55,Versatile,"I love this shirt because when i first saw it, i wasn't sure if it was a shirt or dress. since it is see-through if you wear it like a dress you will need a slip or wear it with leggings. i bought a slip, wore the tie in the back, and rocked it with white wedges. you could also wear it as a vest. be careful with the buttons. i haven't had any fall off yet, but i feel like they will. overall it's great for any occasion and it's fun to wear!",5,1,0,General,Tops,Blouses
25,697,31,Falls flat,"Loved the material, but i didnt really look at how long the dress was before i purchased both a large and a medium. im 5'5nd there was atleast 5 of material at my feet. the gaps in the front are much wider than they look. felt like the dress just fell flat. both were returned. im usually a large and the med fit better. 36d 30 in jeans",3,0,0,Initmates,Intimate,Lounge
26,949,33,Huge disappointment,"I have been waiting for this sweater coat to ship for weeks and i was so excited for it to arrive. this coat is not true to size and made me look short and squat. the sleeves are very wide (although long). as a light weight fall coat the sleeves don't need to be as wide because you wouldn't be layerng too much underneath. the buttons need to be moved at least three inches in for a nicer fit. i thought about redoing the buttons myself but the sleeves looked even more out of proportion with a tigh",2,0,0,General,Tops,Sweaters
27,1003,31,"Loved, but returned","The colors weren't what i expected either. the dark blue is much more vibrant and i just couldn't find anything to really go with it. fabric is thick and good quality. has nice weight and movement to it. the skirt just wasn't for me, in the end.",4,1,0,General,Bottoms,Skirts
28,684,53,"Great shirt!!!","I have several of goodhyouman shirts and i get so many compliments on them. especially the one that says forehead kisses are underrated. don't hesitate. buy this shirt. you won't be sorry.....",5,1,2,Initmates,Intimate,Lounge
29,4,28,Great layering piece,"This sweater is so comfy and classic - it balances a quirky hand-knit look with a beautiful color and practical fit. it is a bit cropped and boxy as part of the style, and as others mentioned, there are gaps in the knit that make it see-through. in my opinion this makes it perfect for layering! i like having a longer camisole showing underneath, or wearing it over a little dress. it's warm but still thin enough to fit under a jacket or coat.",5,1,0,General,Tops,Sweaters
30,1060,33,,"Beautifully made pants and on trend with the flared crop. so much cuter in person. love these!",5,1,0,General Petite,Bottoms,Pants